What is Polymorphism? 
Explain garbage collection.
What is an immutable object?
How are this() and super() used with constructors?
What are Access Specifiers available in Java?
What is Constructor?
What are the List interface and its main implementation?
Explain the user defined Exceptions.
Describe life cycle of thread.
What is an Applets?
What is the Set interface?
What is a HashSet and TreeSet?
How do you decide when to use HashMap and when to use TreeMap and what is difference between these two?
What is the Comparable interface?
When should I use abstract classes and when should I use interfaces?
Explain the Polymorphism principle.
What are the difference between throw and throws?
What are the difference between throw and throws?
What is difference between preemptive scheduling and time slicing?
Explain traversing through a collector using Iterator.
What are the principle concepts of OOPS?
What are the basic features of java?
How java becomes object oriented?
How java becomes robust?
How a Java program compiles?
What is 'public static void main ( String args[ ] ) ' signifies?
What 'System.out.println()' signifies?
What is a variable in Java program?
What is JVM, JDK, JRE?
What is bytecode?
What is Java applet?
What is set and how its working ?
How HashMap is working ?
What is the difference between Comprator and Comparable ?
List vs Array and internal working 
Linked list vs Array List and its difference 
HashTable vs HashMap
Can we Override main method? how ?
Can a try block without catch ?
In whcih situtation finally block will not execute 
final vs finally vs fialize
What is static keyword and block and where we should use
Type of typeCasting ? Can we typecast a boolean to char 
Default value of int, string, double,..,... (all datatypes)  ?
In which scenario we should use array and arrayList ?  Why not should use arraylist over array
what is String and substring() how internally it is wokrking ? In which case we should use character array over String
Encapsulation vs Abstraction 
If we can access private member using setter and getter method why we should make members as private ?
How to Make a class Immutable?
How to create multi thereaded Application ?
How to handle the situation when thread is crash (autorecovery feature) ?
Can we have multiple catch block? can we have nested try-catch block?
When to use interface ande when abstract class? Can we define a method in interfae ?
Java 8 feature 
What is stream api ? Find maximum even(1,2,3,4,5,6) element using steam api. 
What is functional interface and what are the use of functional interface? 
What is Optional in java 8?
How to insure when data packet is resived when sendingg by rest api ?
What is serialization or serilizable ?
Sort a class based  on age if age is same then name if name is also same then based on salary 

